chainHead/follow: Provide multiple finalized block hashes by the `Initialized` event (#136)
paritytech/json-rpc-interface-spec: src/api/chainHead.md

1. Call `chainHead_unstable_follow` with `withRuntime: true` to obtain a `followSubscription`. This `followSubscription` will need to be passed when calling most of the other `chainHead`-prefixed functions. If at any point in the future the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "stop"}` notification, jump back to step 1.

> 2. When the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "initialized"}` notification with `subscription` equal to your `followSubscription`, store the value of `finalizedBlockHashes` found in that notification. If `finalizedBlockHashes` contains multiple values, you should use the last entry. The last entry corresponds to the _current finalized block_ of the chain. For all other values in `finalizedBlockHashes`, you must call `chainHead_unstable_unpin` with the `followSubscription`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "initialized"}` notification with `subscription` equal to your `followSubscription`, store the value of `finalizedBlockHashes` found in that notification. If `finalizedBlockHashes` contains multiple values, you should use the last entry. The last entry corresponds to the _current finalized block_ of the chain. You must then call `chainHead_unstable_unpin`, passing the `followSubscription` and each of the other values in `finalizedBlockHashes`.
```

> 2. When the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "initialized"}` notification with `subscription` equal to your `followSubscription`, store the value of `finalizedBlockHashes` found in that notification. If `finalizedBlockHashes` contains multiple values, the user is encouraged to use the last one. This is the hash of the last block that has been finalized, for the purpose of this guide it will be named the `currentFinalizedBlock`. For all other values in `finalizedBlockHashes`, the user is encouraged to call `chainHead_unstable_unpin` with the `followSubscription`.

Reviewer: Nit: personally I'd use the term _current finalized block_ instead of `currentFinalizedBlock` (and elsewhere); the latter looks like a reference to some variable in the code rather than defining a term.

```suggestion
2. When the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "initialized"}` notification with `subscription` equal to your `followSubscription`, store the value of `finalizedBlockHashes` found in that notification. If `finalizedBlockHashes` contains multiple values, the user is encouraged to use the last one. This is the hash of the last block that has been finalized, for the purpose of this guide it will be named the _current finalized block_. For all other values in `finalizedBlockHashes`, the user is encouraged to call `chainHead_unstable_unpin` with the `followSubscription`.
```

Reviewer 2: I think I approved the PR without seeing the change in `chainHead.md`.

My remarks:

- The guide uses "you" everywhere. You shouldn't then say "the user".
- The "last" finalized block implies that no other block will ever be finalized in the future. You should always use "latest" instead of "last".
- Why "the user is encouraged"? The user must just use the last entry.
- Why say "for the purpose of this guide it's the current finalized block"? It **is** the current or latest finalized block, guide or not. The way it's phrased it just looks like you were too lazy to adjust the rest of the guide and delegate the effort to the reader.

Reviewer 2: I agree with James that we shouldn't use `currentFinalizedBlock` with these quotes. Every ` used everywhere in the spec is used to refer to a field somewhere.

7. In order to obtain a value in the storage, call `chainHead_unstable_storage` with `hash` equal to the _current finalized block_, `key` the desired key, and `type` equal to `value`. If the JSON-RPC server instead sends back a `{"event": "operationInaccessible"}` notification, the value you're looking for is unfortunately inaccessible and you can either try again or give up. If the JSON-RPC server instead sends back a `{"event": "operationStorageItems"}` notification, you can find the desired value inside.

8. You are strongly encouraged to maintain [a `Set`](https://developer.mozilla.org/fr/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Set) of the blocks where the runtime changes. Whenever a `{"event": "newBlock"}` notification is received with `subscription` equal to your `followSubcriptionId`, and `newRuntime` is non-null, store the provided `blockHash` in this set.

> 9. Whenever a `{"event": "finalized"}` notification is received with `subscription` equal to your `followSubcriptionId`, call `chainHead_unstable_unpin` with _current finalized block_ hash, the `prunedBlockHashes`, and with each value in `finalizedBlockHashes` of the `finalized` event except for the last entry. The entry in `finalizedBlockHashes` becomes your new _current finalized block_. If one or more entries of `finalizedBlockHashes` are found in your `Set` (see step 7), remove them from the set and jump to step 3 as the metadata has likely been modified. Otherwise, jump to step 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Whenever a `{"event": "finalized"}` notification is received with `subscription` equal to your `followSubcriptionId`, call `chainHead_unstable_unpin` with _current finalized block_ hash, the `prunedBlockHashes`, and with each value in `finalizedBlockHashes` of the `finalized` event except for the last entry. The last entry in `finalizedBlockHashes` becomes your new _current finalized block_. If one or more entries of `finalizedBlockHashes` are found in your `Set` (see step 7), remove them from the set and jump to step 3 as the metadata has likely been modified. Otherwise, jump to step 7.
```

1. Call `chainHead_unstable_follow` with `withRuntime: true` to obtain a `followSubscription`. This `followSubscription` will need to be passed when calling most of the other `chainHead`-prefixed functions. If at any point in the future the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "stop"}` notification, jump back to step 1.

> 2. When the JSON-RPC server sends back a `{"event": "initialized"}` notification with `subscription` equal to your `followSubscription`, store the value of `finalizedBlockHashes` found in that notification. If `finalizedBlockHashes` contains multiple values, the user is encouraged to use the last one. This is the hash of the last block that has been finalized, and for the purpose of this guide we'll refer to it as the _current finalized block_. For all other values in `finalizedBlockHashes`, the user is encouraged to call `chainHead_unstable_unpin` with the `followSubscription`.

Reviewer: Remember to update the other mentions of `currentFinalizedBlock` and also iirc one saying "last finalized block" :)
